The NAZIs considered Native Americans to be part of the Aryan race.
Each day, up to 4 billion meteoroids fall to Earth.
Fur and hair are essentially the same thing, constructed of identical protein building blocks called keratin.
There are 16,000 recognized species of bees.
An average adult's skin spans 21 square feet (2 m^2) and weighs 9 pounds (4 kg).
An earthquake on Dec. 16, 1811 caused parts of the Mississippi River to flow backwards.
Diamonds are not forever. Under very high heat, they turn into graphite, the stuff of pencils.
A grizzly bear has to eat almost 20,000 calories a day.
Einstein Created Modern Physics With 4 Papers in 1 Miracle Year, 1905
Albert Einstein Read Euclid and Kant When He Was 10 Years Old
Albert Einstein Convinced FDR to Build the Atomic Bomb
It Took 15 Years for Einstein’s Relativity Theory to Make Him Famous
Albert Einstein Failed His First Entrance Exam to College in 1895
Albert Einstein Was an Ordinary Patent Clerk When He Was 21
Albert Einstein Made His Breakthrough Discoveries in Relative Isolation
In 3 Years Albert Einstein Went from Obscurity to Celebrity
Einstein’s Relativity Theory Was Proved in 1919 During a Solar Eclipse
Albert Einstein Wasnt a United States Citizen Until 1940
170 Thousand Billion Watts from the Sun Hits Earth Every Moment
When We Eat Fruits and Vegetables We Get Calories from the Sun
Vitamin D is Created in Our Body by Solar Energy
The First Solar Power Station Was Built in 1912
A Cool Drink on a Hot Day Is A Passive Solar Technology
Solar Panels Use Photons to Create Excitons and Electron Hole Pairs
Solar Energy Can Purify Water with UV Energy
States Offer Tax Incentives to Install Solar Panels On Your Home
Solar Energy is the Only Source of Renewable Energy
Gravitational Energy from the Sun Powers the Solar System
The letter combination "USA" is banned on Saudi Arabian license plates.
Charles Darwin suffered from panic disorder and agoraphobia.
GPS is owned and controlled by the U.S. Government. It can be 'switched off' at any time.
Over 90% of Scientists Agree Global Warming is a Reality
Global Warming Since At Least the 1950’s is the Result of Humankind
Different Local Weather Changes Happen from Global Warming
Greenhouse Gases Trap the Sun’s Energy from Escaping to Space
The United States, China, and India Make the Most Greenhouse Gases
Global Warming Is Really Ocean Warming
The Earth’s Temperature Has Increased By 1 Degree in 30 Years
Global Warming Facts are Cold Hard Truth
Global Warming is Creating A New Definition of Beach Front Property
Electricity Generation Accounts for 40% of Greenhouse Gases
Scientists Have Trouble Measuring Global Warming
Scientists Have Recently Proven Climate Change is a Reality
Earth’s Temperature Will Stay At High Levels for 100’s of Years
In America the Temperature Has Increased by 2 Degrees in 50 Years
Global Warming is Also Global Wetting It Will Be Hotter and Wetter
Global Warming Causes Extreme Weather
Global Warming is Impacting Arctic Wildlife First
Some Scientists Predict All Sea Ice Will Melt Between 2030 and 2050
The Global Warming Debate Started in 1957
The Most Basic Global Warming Facts Were Established in the 1950’s
Global Warming is a Domino Effect
The 10 Warmest Years on Record Have Been in the Last 15 Years
Many Global Warming Facts Remain Unknown
If We Started Global Warming, Then We Can Stop It
There Are 100’s of Groups Dedicated to Stopping Climate Change